# Jig Types

Refer to the [Jigs (screens)](https://docs.jigx.com/building-apps-with-jigx/ui/jigs-_screens_) topic to understand concepts, use cases, and how to configure the various jig types. The topics in this section provide code examples for each jig type.

<table><thead><tr><th width="129.20703125">Types</th><th width="437.22265625">Use</th><th>Code Examples</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Calendar</td><td>Use this jigto build a calendar to display scheduled events and create new events based on a date and time.</td><td><a href="jig_calendar.md">jig.calendar</a></td></tr><tr><td>Composite</td><td>This jig allows you to display multiple jigs on one screen where you would otherwise be unable to combine the functionality in the same way. For example, a form and list are on the same screen, where the form on completion populates the list with data.</td><td><a href="jig_composite.md">jig.composite</a></td></tr><tr><td>Default</td><td>The default jig is the most versatile and provides the majority of functionality and a combination of different components and <a href="https://docs.jigx.com/building-apps-with-jigx/ui/actions">actions</a>. The most common use of a default jig is for forms and lists.</td><td><a href="jig_default.md">jig. default</a></td></tr><tr><td>Document</td><td>Used to show PDF files or HTML pages inside your app.</td><td><a href="jig_document.md">jig.document</a></td></tr><tr><td>Full-screen</td><td>Create a full screen to show a <a href="../Jig%20Types/broken-reference/">location</a> across the entire screen.</td><td><a href="jig_fullscreen.md">jig.fullscreen</a></td></tr><tr><td>Gallery</td><td>The gallery jig provides a way to browse and swipe through a collection of images.</td><td><a href="../../readme/jig-types/jig.gallery.md">jig.gallery</a></td></tr><tr><td>Grid</td><td>Create grid layouts in your app, organizing content into rows and columns for a visually consistent and flexible interface. It helps align elements proportionally, ensuring a structured design.</td><td><a href="jig_grid.md">jig.grid</a></td></tr><tr><td>List</td><td>Create lists of data and style these lists with elements such as <a href="../Jig%20Types/broken-reference/">avatars</a>, or <a href="../Jig%20Types/broken-reference/">images</a>. Make the list interactive by adding checkboxes and swipeable elements for updating or deleting the data in the list-item.</td><td><a href="jig_list.md">jig.list</a></td></tr><tr><td>Table</td><td>The table jig displays structured data in rows and columns, allowing users to view and interact with multiple records within the app.</td><td><a href="jig_table.md">jig.table</a></td></tr><tr><td>Tabs</td><td>Navigate between different jigs with ease, enhancing the user experience by providing an organized layout. These tabs are placed at the top of the screen to ensure a sleek and intuitive interface.</td><td><a href="jig_tabs.md">jig.tabs</a></td></tr></tbody></table>
