# Expressions

An overview and explanation of using expressions in Jigx is provided in the [Expressions](https://docs.jigx.com/expressions) and [Advanced Expressions](https://docs.jigx.com/expressions#CEdVY) section in the Guide tab.

Refer to the [Expressions - cheatsheet](https://docs.jigx.com/expressions-cheatsheet) for code snippets that can help you achieve a required result, such as creating a placeholder in a jig.

In this section, examples with code snippets are provided for working with data using JSONata; these are:

<table><thead><tr><th width="213.41015625">JSONata</th><th>Example of use</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><a href="Expressions/Arrays.md">Arrays</a></td><td>Create filtered lists from arrays and handling arrays with SQL and Dynamic Data</td></tr><tr><td><a href="Expressions/Aggregation.md">Aggregation</a></td><td>To return the minimum, maximum, or average value in an array.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="broken-reference">Boolean</a></td><td>Evaluate data to find a true or false result.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="Expressions/Comparison Operators.md">Comparison Operators</a></td><td>Compare values in data and use the value in a conditional logical expression, e.g., is an amount greater than 100.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="Expressions/Date _ Time.md">Date &#x26; Time</a></td><td>Return a date and time in various formats, e.g., ISO 8601.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="broken-reference">Path Operators</a></td><td>Navigate and access specific elements or properties within a data set, e.g., for filtering or searching.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="broken-reference">Functional Programming</a></td><td>Compare values or display data based on certain conditions and use logical statements, e.g., adding HTML variables in content or a multi-select as a <code>functionParameter</code>.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="broken-reference">Jigx Variables</a></td><td>Jigx variable set used in expressions to manipulate data specific to a Jigx App, e.g., determining the logged-in user or the organization and solution.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="broken-reference">Predicate Queries</a></td><td>Used for query refinement.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="Expressions/String.md">String</a></td><td>String expressions have many uses, such as concatenating two strings to display multiple data records in one row, writing numbers as strings, or selecting only a few characters from the whole string.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="broken-reference">Advanced expressions</a></td><td>Advanced expressions are helpful when you need to filter an array of records to display specific data and perform expression transformations over the data.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="broken-reference">Regex +JSONata</a></td><td>Create validation for text fields by combining JSONata and Regex expressions.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="https://docs.jigx.com/examples/javascript-expressions">JavaScript expressions</a></td><td>JavaScript functions allow you to write modular and reusable code, by encapsulating specific functionality within JavaScript functions and calling the function in an expression.</td></tr></tbody></table>
